hey guys I'm welcome back to another
video so raids are going to be coming
out extremely soon and this video is
just going to get you prepared give you
a few tips and provide you with all the
information that you need to know before
the raids come out so high mole will
come out on tuesday for the US and
wednesday for the EU blackrock
boundaries the second raid and warlords
of draenor and well the second rate of
the first year but it's not coming out
until a later date similar to how it
works with heart of fear in mists of
pandaria now initially the normal and
heroic mode will be open normal drop 655
gear and then heroic drops 670 gear one
week later on the 9th of December mythic
opens an LFR wing one will open mythic
drop 685 gear and LFR drop 645 gear then
the second wing of the LFR opens on the
sixteenth of December and finally the
fourth wing of the alafar which contains
the final boss only will open on the
second of January also to get into
alafar you'll need a nice level of 615
so really the LFR is very accessible
however it's gear of course is quite a
bit worse than what you get from the
normals rooks and mythix now also and in
two days or whatever the first two world
bosses will activate door of the ruiner
and Tarla the ageless are both in gore
groans and they drop 650 gear so if you
plan on raiding normal or above don't
spend your bonus tokens on these but if
you're not planning and reading normal
or above then of course spending your
bonus tokens on these makes a good deal
of sense also it seems like the
legendary ring will be updated to 690
during this rate you will need to kill
the final boss of high mole and then
also get 125 items from the various
bosses now these items are they're
called something stones they just drop
from bosses and stuff like that though
some of them do drop from work orders in
your garrison and also from a 24 hour
long garrison mission so you want to be
doing that stuff as much as you can I
think I've got like five or seven of
them on my character currently now that
all the informations covered it's just
time for a few tips and they're useful
things for you to know so first of all
it's a loot based lockout that means
that your lockout is based on what you
have looted it's not like a fixed rate
idea or anything like that and
you're doing mythic in which case you
are using traditional wrath style
fixed-rate ID system so this means that
you could say run normal loot a bunch of
bosses may be polluted the first two
then that's fine and if you went back in
with a separate group then you could
still do those two bosses you just
wouldn't be able to get loot from them
you can also do multiple difficulty
levels so and for an example if you're a
gilded wants the raid heroics but maybe
not all your members are there or maybe
some people are on alts and you're just
in a bit of a weird situation then you
could drop down to normal do your raid
there and then your next line of the
week you could go back up to rock and
give that stuff a try so it's a lot more
flexible in that regard now also it's
worth talking about character stats you
need to be very aware of these and this
is something you should do before raids
drop or at least before you enter them
go and check icy veins for start
priorities for your class and the you
know there's so much gear in warlords
that is like with randomized secondary
stats and stuff like that said this is
the board system and bonus sockets and
really this means that item level means
just about nothing in warlords of
draenor assuming the differences in
humongous for an example of pearly
itemize 645 epic could be worse than a
well itemized heroic dungeon bit of gear
that's just how important things are
with secondary stats gem slots and all
that stuff in this expansion so it's
really worth knowing about that
generally just know your top two stats
and then you know take the bits of gear
from the Royal dungeons that that
matched them and then just prioritize
what you can do with warforged gear and
then of course sockets sockets are
extremely powerful by the way oh and
finally am as I think everyone predicted
tertiary stats are basically worthless
ah yeah GG plays he made a pretty crappy
system with them also it's worth talking
about bonus rules so these are purchased
from the NPC in your ass round city
they're usually kind of fact off to the
side and some sort of bizarre Erika a
tent thingy now this NPC will have 4
repeatable quests one costs gold one cos
apex is crystals one costs garrison
resources and one costs honor these
starts at acosta 500 gold 1000 crystals
300 resources or 500 honor however the
cost does double every
I'm you do the same mission so when if
you've got say the bunker of war mill
then you'll get one free bonus rule
every week so that's pretty handy
overall I recommend spanning five
hundred gold on one then 500 honor at
the second one and then getting the
third one for free from your bunker if
you don't have a bunker then it depends
and if you've got lots of guys and
resources maybe you've got a scavenger
father or something like that then
purchase your third one with garrison
resources otherwise one-thousand-dollar
is actually super easy to farm up so
that's also a good option and I suppose
if a thousand gold is nothing to you and
I know many people are in that situation
then a thousand gold makes sense of
course just like in mists of pandaria
you can only get a maximum of three of
these per week now finally I recommend
that you just learn a little bit about
the bosses from what I know anyway
currently there are no full guides up
because Hymel stuff was tested really
pretty early in the beta process however
loads of youtube channels did beta
videos of them the bosses on normal and
heroic difficulty am I know fat boss and
preacher got a few of those up so it's
totally worth checking them out just so
you know roughly what the gist of the
boss fight is sure there could be
changes here and there but that should
help you out now of course I will be
doing guides for these bosses as soon as
I can get in and get them killed so that
will happen and yeah it should be pretty
fun anyway that's basically all you need
to know for the raids opening so yeah
good luck and hope the raids go well for
you and it should be a lot of fun anyway
that's it for me thanks for watching the
video and I will see you next time
you